Where am I?
What is this place?
Dad?
[cracking]
[screams]
[garbled] Dad! Dad!
[garbled] No!
-[muffled scream]
-[thudding]
[garbled] Help me!
[man over PA]
Welcome to London Pancras...
[in German]
Get up, sleepyhead. We're in London.
[man over PA, in English] ...the Brighton
service calling at Gatwick Airport...
-[in German] Everything okay?
-Yeah.
[man over PA, in English]
...at Gatwick Airport.
♪♪
[in German]
I think we have to go this way.
[in English] Cool.
[in German] Mum!
Finally, you're here.
Welcome to London.
-How were the holidays?
-We went on a hike every day.
Butter!
-[exhales] Come, come.
-[dog barks]
♪♪
You're going to love Ernest.
-And I have a surprise for you.
-[Mia] Wow.
[Ann] It's going to be great.
I hate her surprises.
[Ernest] Good day, ladies!
Welcome to London.
[in English] This is Ernest.
[Ann and Ernest chuckling]
You must be Liv.
It's lovely to meet you.
[Ernest] You're very welcome.
And Mia, of course.
Nice to meet you. Hi.
Let's go inside,
so you can meet the others.
[Ernest] Do you think
they'll like the food?
-[in German] What "others"?
-No idea.
[Mia] Butter, come. Where are we?
[Liv] Please, don't let this be a commune.
[in English]
We're so happy to have you join us.
Aren't we, Florence?
[Florence] Of course.
Can I go upstairs now?
A tenner until we finish eating,
and see, my soup bowl is empty.
-You paid her?
-She's not exactly a people person.
[chuckling]
Florence, please stay for seconds.
Don't you want to get to know the girls?
-[in German] I can‘t believe it.
-[in English] Where's their father?
-[Ann gasps]
-[Ernest sighs]
I'm sorry. I should have seen this coming.
No, it's fine.
He died,
five years ago.
-[Ann] He had an accident.
-[Florence] What kind?
-[Ernest] Florence, enough.
-[boy] Sorry I'm late.
-Grayson.
-[Florence] He's not sorry. Liar.
[Ernest] Finally.
Hi, I'm Grayson.
-Liv.
-I'm Mia. Nice to meet you.
Hi.
-Cool.
-[Mia] Erm, enjoy your meal.
So you guys are gonna... live here now,
like a patchwork family?
Yeah, here's to new beginnings.
[Ernest clears throat, chuckles]
Here's to replacing Dad.
[in German]
Liv, no one wants to replace your father.
Mm-hm. Hmm.
No, but we all have a right to be happy.
So to make us happy,
you drag us to a new country every year?
[Ann] Pardon me for being the reason
you speak five languages.
[Liv] Pardon me for not wanting
to play happy families
with a bunch of strangers.
I give it a month.
-He won't stand you any longer.
-Okay, challenge accepted.
-[Grayson speaking French]
-[Ann gasps]
-Ah. Whoops!
-[in English] Oh, I'm so sorry.
-Florence, could you please show--
-No.
[Liv] I don't need anyone's help.
-[Ann] I'm so sorry.
-It's fine.
[Ernest] The bathroom is upstairs.
-[Ann] Oh, no. It's all on the carpet.
-[Ernest] Take these towels. No worries...
[Mia] Don't let Butter lick it off.
-[Ann] That went well.
-[Ernest] Very well, yes.
-[sighs]
-[Ann] What a wonderful start.
[soft piano music playing]
[Grayson] Yeah, well,
Anabel is gone for a reason,
and we don't even know
if we can find another maiden.
Wait... that's my jumper.
It's super nice.
[Grayson] Okay, it's too dangerous.
Why have we played this game?
Come on,
no one is really a maiden anymore.
Anabel wasn't a maiden.
Okay, I'll give it one last try
and then I'm out. Bye.
I hate this shitty book.
[Mia] Today, we're gonna bake some
special Australian treats for Christmas.
-[Dad] Lamingtons!
-[Liv] Lamingtons!
[Mia] Exactly!
So, we're gonna show you how it's done.
-[Dad] You ready, girls? This is coconut.
-[Liv] Yeah, yeah! It's coconut!
-Yeah.
-[Dad] They're sponges,
and you cut them in half,
and cut them in two squares.
[in German]
I dream about him a lot at the moment.
-Yeah?
-Mm-hm.
What do you dream about?
The dreams are pretty much
exactly like this video.
We're making Lamingtons.
But we're in this
really beautiful red house...
Like a cottage. You know?
-Am I there, too?
-Of course you are.
You and Dad are making a huge mess.
Like always.
I really wish I could talk to him again.
Just one more time.
So I can tell him that I'm sorry.
He knows it, Livi.
-Here. Do you want Dad's watch today?
-[Mia] Mm.
Say hi to him for me.
Liv, you can't say hi to people in dreams.
You don't know that for sure.
I'll tell him you said hi.
[cell phone chimes]
[cell phone vibrates]
I'm going to go get something to drink.
[suspenseful music playing]
Huh?
[door creaks, thuds]
[ethereal music playing]
[water burbling]
[door closes]
[door opens in distance]
[door creaking, thuds]
[ethereal music playing]
Huh? Grayson?
[lock disengages]
[suspenseful music playing]
[Henry, in English] You're lucky Anabel's
ancestors didn't choose to get their ashes
scattered in the North Sea.
[Grayson] Bloody Highgate Cemetery,
of all the places...
[Henry] Besides, mate,
it's not that creepy.
[Grayson] It is. Look at that!
[Jasper] Hey, Henry.
What you sayin', Gray?
-[Henry] Hey, Jazz.
-[Jasper] Hey, Arthy. Pshh.
[Arthur] All Right.
The Scott family plot is...
[Jasper] It's this way? Are you sure?
Like, everything looks exactly the same.
[Arthur] I told you to take your bearings
by the creepy angel.
[Grayson] Okay, man, chill.
They all look creepy in the dark.
[Arthur] It says we have to form a circle,
and raise your arms.
[Jasper] Come on, Gray.
[Grayson] Okay, no. I can't.
I can't. I feel stupid.
-[Henry] Just raise your arms, Gray.
-[Jasper] Please.
[Arthur] Look, we need
to get this done, okay?
Show us who will replace Anabel Scott
in time for Hallows' Eve.
-Show us who the new maiden...
-[Liv exclaims] Whoa!
-[tombstone thuds]
-[Henry] What is that?
[Liv, in German] Damn!
[in English]
Well, that's not very predictable.
-Oh, shit.
-Who is that?
-[Henry] Who is that, Gray?
-[Arthur] It's a girl.
-[Liv clears throat] Hi.
-Oh, genius. No shit. Obviously.
That's my new stepsister.
This is really weird.
-That's your new stepsister?
-[Grayson] Yeah, one of them.
-[Liv] I wasn't following you.
-Hmm.
You should take a photo,
it lasts longer.
She seems cool.
You seem...
really weird.
Do you fancy her?
No. I mean, we're almost, like, related.
Her mum is, like,
currently sleeping with my dad.
[Jasper] Let me see that, Arthur.
Why am I dreaming of her?
-This is, like, my subconscious going--
-[Arthur] It's her.
She's the chosen one.
Er, chosen for what? Tell me.
No, guys. She's not the chosen one.
-[Arthur] She is.
-[Jasper] I can't lie. I'm 100% sure.
This is what we call... I don't know.
This is a coincidence.
There are no coincidences, Grayson.
Besides, isn't she wearing your jumper?
Guys! She is right here.
Yeah, bro, isn't that your jumper?
Yeah, she took my jumper
from the bathroom, mate...
-[Arthur] Bullshit.
-Okay.
[Henry] Yeah, I think she's cute.
Go away!
-Well, that's a bit harsh.
-[Grayson] Why?
-She's not real.
-[Arthur] Maybe she is.
-Maybe she's a dreamer?
-You're wrong.
-[Henry] That'd explain why she's here.
-[Jasper] Shit.
-A dreamer? What?
-[thunder rumbles]
-Again?
-[Liv] What is happening?
-[Jasper] Oh, no, what?
-[Henry] Oh, shit.
-[Arthur] We need to move.
-Your dream's turning into a nightmare.
-Let's get back to the dream hall.
-Holy shit.
-[Grayson] Guys, she's not the maiden.
-Where's your fucking door?
-[Henry] Let's go, Jazz.
-What the hell is going on?
-[thunder rumbles]
-[Liv screams]
[gasps]
[clattering nearby]
-[air brakes hiss]
-[engine rumbles]
-[clattering continues]
-[brakes squeaking]
[engine rumbles]
[Liv] Hi.
[Ernest] Morning.
Wasn't there a green door here yesterday?
Erm... No. Why?
Oh, Florence, can you take Mia and Liv
to school and show them around?
How much?
Flo, I'm not paying you
for everything now.
Can we move back to Paris, then?
To live with our real mum instead of them?
[Ernest scoffs]
So no grand tour, then.
I'm not a tourist guide.
-Grayson!
-[Grayson] I'm not going. I'm sick.
[pop music playing]
[Mia, in German]
Today you get Dad's watch.
-I hate the first days of school.
-And I the last ones.
[pop music continues]
-It's quite okay here.
-Mmm.
-It'll be fine.
[in English]
Okay, whatever that was. Daisy!
-Yeah?
-Take her.
Take me where?
To the dungeon.
[chuckles]
No, I'm just kidding.
I'm just going to show you around.
Okay, cool.
[in German] Good luck.
[in English]
My name is Persephone Porter-Peregrin.
-I'm the school president.
-Cool, congrats.
Well, you know what?
You can just call me Persy, honestly.
Sorry, mate. And vote for me again!
Where do we want to start?
Erm, school canteen? Or hallways? Or...
[gasps] Library!
Library slash make-out central. Let's go.
I've done seven school tours
in five years.
Can I just have my locker number?
Oh. Sure. It's right here.
-And this is your key.
-[sighs]
It's cursed.
Excuse me?
The locker. It's cursed, they say.
Belonged to Anabel Scott.
-Anabel Scott?
-[Persephone] Yeah.
Weird.
Why?
I feel like I've heard that name before.
-[lock clicks]
-Well, could be.
That's her.
Is she dead?
No, she just vanished.
Nobody knows where she is.
Not even her best friends,
Arthur, Jasper, Henry.
Who you're gonna love...
-She's right there. It's her.
-...if you're into boys. Are you?
Uh-huh.
[Liv] This can't be.
[Persephone] Hey, where are you going?
[indistinct chatter]
Jasper, check in there.
[girl] It was so nice.
-She's gone.
-Jesus!
-Bro, are you sure it was her?
-[Henry] She can't be too far.
-It was pretty dark in the cemetery.
-Let's just go to Gray's later.
-That's a show.
-[Henry] We'll find her again.
[Jasper] Yeah, I know,
this is so fucked up.
-[train horn blares]
-[wheels squeaking]
[in German]
Have you ever had a dream about someone,
then seen them in real life?
You have a crush.
-Oh, my God. I knew it.
-No, I don't.
Okay, chill. I'm just saying.
But hypothetically speaking,
if you had a dream about someone,
and then meet them in real life,
they're literally
the person of your dreams.
[in English] Highgate Cemetery.
[in German] See you later!
Liv, what are you doing?
That's the wrong bus!
♪ This might be the first time ♪
♪ I think I can't tell if you're mine ♪
♪ Am I dreaming or am I just lost? ♪
♪ All I know is right there... ♪
♪ But somehow
It's not the same as before ♪
♪ It's not the same as before... ♪
[in German]
Isn't this the one from the dream?
[in English] Scott Family.
[in German] What?
Isn't this all from the dream?
This can't be.
WHY SOME DREAMS SEEM REAL
[in English] Lucid dreaming, it's
the ability to know that you are dreaming
while you're dreaming
and gain control over your dreams.
Step one: Perform a reality test.
Look at your hand. Does it look different?
Can you count your fingers?
And has anything changed?
If it has, you might be dreaming.
But this is an obvious example.
If you dive deeper,
there's a lot more to it.
One, two, three, four, five.
-[chuckles]
-[doorbell rings]
[Henry] Should we ambush her
like that, all of us?
-[Jasper] I don't know, it feels weird.
-[Arthur] She is the chosen one.
-[Jasper] She's your chosen one.
-[doorbell rings]
-[Henry] What?
-[Jasper] He wants to talk to her alone.
-[Henry] We're all looking at her.
-[Jasper] Bro, we were all trying
to move her to the graveyard.
[Arthur] It wasn't exactly subtle.
-[Jasper scoffs] A lie?
-[Henry] Shut up.
[Liv] Shit.
[Grayson]
What the fuck are you doing here?
[Jasper] You have to invite her.
-[Grayson] No.
-Grayson, we're running out of time.
I don't want Liv
to be involved in this, okay?
-I don't even--
-[door creaks open]
Hi. Er...
My mate Arthur is having
a Halloween party this weekend.
Yup. Everyone's gonna be there.
Oh, wow.
Except me.
And why not?
Can't be as scary as the graveyard was.
What graveyard?
The one where you buried Anabel?
Oh, please.
We didn't bury her.
We chopped her up into tiny pieces
and fed her to the seagulls.
[Jasper chuckling]
Oh, my God. Arthur, this is...
-[Henry] It's true.
-He's kidding.
Well, I don't have a costume, so...
I think Grayson's jumper suits you.
Oh, yeah, I kinda wanted my jumper back.
-It's very cosy.
-Yeah, which is why I want it back.
[Jasper] All right. In a bit then.
[Arthur] Well,
that wasn't so hard, was it?
Well, she didn't say she was coming.
[Arthur] Come on, Henry,
she's not gonna invite us into her yard.
[Jasper] Weirdo.
-[Jasper laughing]
-[Henry] You're idiots.
[Liv chuckles]
[thudding]
[dramatic music playing]
[Liv] If you can't count your fingers,
it's a dream.
[ethereal music playing]
-[door clicks open]
-[water burbling]
[door creaking, thuds]
[in German] And why don't you open now?
[music playing in the distance]
[Mia, in English] More cream
or more marmalade this time?
[Dad] Er, jam time. Let's do it.
[Liv] Butter.
Dad.
[in German]
Mia, you are really dreaming of him.
[girl, in English] You won't get in there.
You're Anabel.
Guilty as charged.
I didn't want to go in there.
Of course, you didn't.
Er, it's private.
What you want is behind that door.
All you have to do
is go to Arthur's party,
and you'll see your dad again.
[licking]
[whines]
Butter.
[in German] I need a costume.
[dance music playing]
[in English] You're not a fan of wearing
your own clothes, are you?
I look great, don't you think?
Yeah.
This was my graduation outfit
from when I was in primary school.
[chuckles]
And you're giving it back this time.
Wow, is this Arthur's house?
Yeah, Arthur has money.
[dance music playing]
-[all cheering]
-Hey, what did you do to your hair?
I shaved it. I shaved it.
Okay, I'm gonna go get drinks.
-Don't talk to the boys.
-Okay. Yes, sir. Brother.
[cheering continues]
Ahoy, sailor.
Ahoy. [giggles]
Henry.
-You look great.
-Thanks.
Er, you look... like a psychopath.
Thank you. Erm...
Honestly, I didn't even know
it was Halloween.
It was just really good timing.
Oh, yeah. Where's the chainsaw?
I, er... Well, I left it in...
my last victim.
[chuckles]
So, er, where was this?
Er, that's, er...
Anabel's grandma's house in Spain.
Er, we went there last Spring.
Is that where she is now?
I... honestly, I don't know.
Hm.
-Liv.
-[Liv] Arthur.
Glad you could make it.
So, are you ready?
Er, sure. Ready for... Ready for what?
[chuckles]
[Arthur] Come on.
We won't murder you.
[dance music playing]
[sniffs]
Hey! Hey! What the fuck is this?
It's medicinal. For my migraines.
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
Well, try and drink some water
for a change.
What the fuck?
-Sorry about that. Cousin issues.
-[Persephone] I hate you.
Where'd it all go?
Persephone is your cousin?
[Henry] Oh, she's basically his sister.
[Jasper] Aw, okay. I'll be back.
Wow.
Nice. Are we a band now or something?
[Jasper] You wish.
It's my parent's studio,
so don't touch anything.
-You ever heard of the Book of Dreams?
-No.
-[loud knocking]
-[Grayson] Hey!
-Open the door!
-He's gonna be pissed.
-You guys are arseholes.
-[Arthur] Love you, too.
I said I don't want Liv
to get involved in this.
Oh, maybe I don't want
to be involved in this
little boys club.
-[Henry] Ouch. That's a pity.
-Okay, that's great. Let's go home.
-Come on, Gray.
-What? No, no, Grayson. No.
She's already a part of this, okay?
-She's a natural dreamer.
-Okay. How?
How is this even possible?
I don't know.
[Grayson] There isn't another copy
of the book, is there?
-[Jasper] I don't think so.
-Last midsummer's eve...
Anabel showed us... the Book of Dreams.
[latch clicks]
-It's been in her family for generations.
-All right. Can I see?
To unleash its magic...
four men, and a maiden...
A maiden? Really?
-[Henry] It's not like virgin.
-It's what the book wants.
It's a pretty sexist book.
It is.
Four men and a maiden
must complete the games.
Rituals, if you will.
Now, we've already completed
the first initiation ritual.
Since then we became dreamers.
[Henry] We, er...
are able to go into other people's dreams.
But now Anabel's gone,
we need a new maiden.
Why is she gone?
-She's ghosting us.
-[Henry] Of course.
She dumped him.
-Shut up.
-[Jasper] You shut up.
-I'm just involving our new maiden.
-[Liv] Okay.
[Arthur] You don't have
to tell her everything.
"When Hallow's Eve is due,
make your greatest wish come true."
Are you serious? Is this a joke?
[chuckles] Come on, guys.
Did you write this?
Yeah, that's just stupid.
Is this a joke?
Look, we don't know how you can do it.
Or if you were just playing a game.
But like Jazz said,
you're a natural dreamer.
So at this point,
you might as well make it official.
So...
What do you think?
Liv, you really don't have to.
She's old enough to make her own decision.
So, what do you say then, Silver? You in?
All right. Bring it on.
Whoa! You promised you wouldn't murder me.
Relax. We just need
a teeny-tiny drop of blood.
Okay.
[Grayson] I hate blood. Makes me sick.
[Henry] Don't faint on us again, Gray.
-[Grayson] What? I never fainted.
-[Arthur] Shhh.
Okay, the ritual states,
we need to write our dreams
on a piece of paper and burn it.
What's the catch?
Bro, there is no catch.
There is always a catch.
-Pass me the pen.
-[Arthur] Please.
Jasper's first.
Cheers.
[lighter clicks]
What I really wish for...
is to become
a professional basketball player.
-[Grayson] Nice.
-[Arthur] Surprise, surprise.
[Henry] You already are
our champion, Jazzy.
Grayson...
-[light clicks]
-I wish...
to be school president.
-That's a nice wish.
-[Henry] Gray for president.
[Jasper] Yeah, well, good luck with that.
[lighter clicks]
I wish to be together with Anabel again.
[Jasper] That's sad, bro.
[lighter clicks]
[Grayson] Henry, you're next.
I wish...
-None of your business.
-[Grayson] Bro, are you serious?
-Liv?
-[lighter clicks]
Liv?
[Liv] I wish...
[in German]
I wish I could talk to Dad again.
There you are.
See you in your dream.
[ethereal music playing]
[soft thud]
[in English] Damn it.
[door rattling]
[muffled music playing]
[dance music playing]
[MC] Please welcome to the stage,
our new school president,
-Grayson!
-Yes! Yes!
[cheering, shouting]
[crowd] Grayson! Grayson! Grayson!
-[mic feedback]
-[Grayson] Thank you!
[cheering]
[Grayson] I just want to say,
this is not about winning.
Of course, this is what he dreams about.
This is about fighting for your dreams!
And you just made it fucking real!
-Thank you!
-[dance music playing]
-[cheering, shouting]
-I love you!
[boy laughing]
[laughter, giggling]
-[laughter continues]
-This is hardcore, man.
[laughter intensifies]
[camera shutters clicking]
-This is so going viral.
-[shutters clicking]
[hysterical laughter]
I'm sorry.
-Liv. Liv, come with me.
-I'm sorry.
Come on, hurry up
before this all turns to shit.
[door thuds]
-That was so weird.
-Well, that was close.
[giggles]
So, what the hell is this place actually?
Yeah, well, we call this, er, dream hall.
Erm, it's where all dreams connect.
Everyone has their own door. Yeah?
But, we can only enter the door
if we wear something belonging
to the person dreaming, right?
Yes. Er, we call them anchors.
Anchors? Why anchors?
Why not, keys?
'Cause they unlock the door, right?
Shut up, smart-arse.
Okay. Whose dream is this then?
Maybe you're dreaming me.
Or you're dreaming of me.
-[distorted murmuring]
-[Grayson] Wake up!
[Grayson] Liv! Wake up!
[Henry] What?
Wake up!
Wake up! Wake up!
-What?
-Liv, you can't do that!
-Do what?
-Dreams are private. Okay?
Okay.
So if you want to be a part of this,
you have to respect some rules.
Well, no one told me about any rules.
Okay. Well,
I'm telling you now, so listen.
-Shh.
-Rule number one...
is no snooping around
in your friends' dreams.
Don't do that again.
Okay.
Take it off.
-What?
-Take my stuff off of you.
Okay.
[Grayson] Don't touch my stuff.
Right.
-[train screeching]
-[indistinct chatter]
You okay?
[Persephone sniffing]
Haven't you heard?
No.
[cheering] Jasper! Jasper! Jasper!
[Jasper thuds, groans in pain]
-[groaning continues]
-Ooh!
-[Jasper sobbing] No!
-When was this?
An hour ago.
[Persephone] Broke his arm.
The season's over for him.
Maybe even his career.
What a nightmare.
Vote for me!
[Liv, in German]
Today, I'll make it into your dream.
[in English]
Oh, hi, Henry. Fancy seeing you here.
Oh, this? [chuckles]
Yeah, I, erm... Thanks. I...
always sleep in...
in daywear.
Like a crazy person.
Okay. Shut up and go to sleep.
[chuckles]
[exhales contently]
[in German] Mia, Mia, Mia, where are you?
[Henry, in English] Snooping around again?
Did you dress up just for this?
Erm, no.
Did you?
-What? This?
-Yeah.
No, I didn't.
-[Henry] Let me show you something.
-[Liv] Okay.
[door chimes ring]
[Doll]
I'm so happy to be at a tea party.
[Amy] So you be the little girl
and I'm the Mummy.
[Doll] This is absolutely fantastic.
-Oh, God, this is nice.
-This is your dream?
-Yeah, what gave it away?
-[Liv chuckles]
No, it's my sister Amy's.
[Liv] Aw.
She looks like you.
This tap water tastes delicious.
It's hot chocolate, silly.
-[Doll] Are we allowed hot chocolate?
-[Amy] Yeah,
just don't tell the witch.
-Oh! Shh! I promise.
-[Amy giggles]
So, who's the popsicle stick? Your dad?
No, that's, er... That's me.
[laughs]
No, I, er...
I made him for her.
But, bow-ties are not my style,
but Amy wanted me to look smart, so...
-[giggles]
-What? [chuckles]
[indistinct chatter continues]
You're cute.
[Henry] So are you.
[soft music playing]
[female voice] Which one of you stupid
kids left your damn Lego lying around?
-It's turning into a nightmare.
-What?!
[thunder rumbling]
-Where's the door?
-Oh, shit!
[female voice] You're the worst thing
that ever happened to me.
There's another way to get out of a dream.
Okay, what is it?
Turn, like dancing.
[female voice]
You make my life a living hell!
Whoa!
When you turn slowly in a dream...
Ta-da, new location.
Okay, cool. What now?
-Now we're gonna jump.
-What?
-[thunder rumbling]
-[train whistles]
[Liv] No. Are you joking? It's too high.
[Henry] You don't want to know
but you're gonna find out.
No way! No!
Jumping is just another way
out of a dream.
You'll wake up before you hit the ground.
[Liv] I'm not doing it.
Damn it! Do you want to stay here
with my crazy mum?
[Henry's mum] It's all your fault.
Don't you dare! [screams]
[screaming continues]
-[thuds]
-[Mia gasps]
[in German]
One, two, three, four, five, six,
-seven, eight, nine...
-Why are you counting?
[Liv] Erm...
And why the hell are you wearing shoes?
Erm...
Cold feet?
This is too much for me. Good night, Liv.
Everyone is totally nuts here...
[girl, in English]
Blood moon event in two days.
Yeah, it's in two days. See you there.
♪ You're fusing all the evil ♪
-[in German] See you later.
-See you later.
Your boy?
♪ And if it was against the law ♪
[Liv, in English] Hey.
Hey.
So...
about last night...
Nothing happened.
What do you mean, "nothing happened"?
We jumped from a ginormous dollhouse,
nearly got stuck
in your sister's dream, and...
It's fine, Liv.
-Can you just leave it, yeah?
-So, for my election party tonight,
I was thinking, you, me,
couple of other people,
at my favourite spot.
-Er...
-I know. I'll put you on the list.
But first, wish me luck, okay?
-What for?
-You got this, it'll be fine.
School president election.
-[Grayson] I don't know. I'm just nervous.
-It starts in, like, ten minutes.
Good luck.
-Have any of your wishes come true?
-[Arthur] No.
Relax, mate.
Don't need magic to beat Persy.
[Arthur] Hey, take it easy.
How do I look?
-You look like a substitute teacher, bruv.
-[Henry] You are not wrong.
That is not true. Look at me.
[Jasper] Reminds me of Mr Smithers.
Remember Mr Smithers. [chuckles]
-You look stunning.
-[school bell rings]
I'm sure you're all dying
to get back to class,
so we'll make this quick.
The votes have been counted.
And the winner...
is Grayson.
[upbeat music playing]
[cheers, applause]
Come up. Say a few words, Grayson.
[applause continues]
-[mic feeds back]
-Er, thank you guys.
I just want to say that
this is not about winning.
This is about fighting for your dreams.
And never giving up.
Whoo!
And we've all been dreaming together
for a long time,
and you just made it real.
So, thank you so much.
Thank you.
-[applause continues]
-[mic thuds]
[mic feeds back]
Thank you. I love you.
-[boy 1] Woo-hoo!
-[boy 2] Love you, Grayson!
-[boy 3] We love you, Grayson.
-[applause continues]
-[audience gasps]
-[audience laughing]
-[man] Shrimp dick!
-[clamouring]
-[woman] Where's the rest of it?
-[camera shutters clicking]
Who the fuck did that?
What the fuck was that?
-[camera shutters clicking]
-[Liv] Stop! Stop!
[Grayson] What the fuck was that?
What the fuck was that?
Fuck me, that was bad, bro!
That's literally my worst nightmare.
-[boy] No way!
-[chatter continues]
Erm...
but your dream came true.
I mean, she's not wrong.
You did win.
[students laughing]
[Grayson] What the fuck was that?
What the fuck was that?
I've fully broken my hand
and my career is done out,
like, this... this is my worst nightmare.
Erm, thank you to everyone. Peace.
[pop music playing]
[knocking]
-[Grayson] No, I'm sleeping.
-Grayson!
Why do you knock then?
Sorry, bad new habit.
Okay, so, Jasper's nightmare coming true
was, like, very unlikely, right?
Hm.
And the chances of your nightmare
coming true were like, what...
one in a million?
-One in a billion?
-I don't know, Liv.
What are you trying to say?
Grayson, I have
a terrible feeling about this.
Why? What do you mean?
We need to look at the book again.
We might find something out.
Whatever this is, it better be good.
Bro, what's this about?
I don't know,
just something about the book.
-What are you looking for?
-The catch.
The book didn't say anything
about a catch.
[Liv] Well...
-it does now.
-[Arthur] Wait, what?
-[Grayson] What?
-Look.
-[Jasper] Wait, that wasn't there before.
-I know. Look...
"Your pure devotion will suffice.
You'll see when you have
closed your eyes."
-What the...?
-Closed your eyes?
We only see the catch when we're dreaming.
"All of your dreams shall soon be true,
but your nightmares will be, too.
As all of you must pay a price."
[Grayson] I-- I... I hate this book.
What if the book is listening?
No, I don't think the book
is gonna hear me, Jazz.
Well, if it can make things appear,
then I wouldn't be so sure about that.
Five people, five nightmares.
-Yours has come true.
-Yes.
Yours as well.
-[Henry] Everything's come true so far.
-[Grayson] Oh, yeah. I forgot about that.
It's after midnight,
so it could be any one of us now.
[Henry] Jasper,
burnt his paper first.
-Mm-hm.
-[Henry] Grayson went second.
If it's following that pattern,
then who's next?
Me.
It's me.
What is your worst nightmare?
Okay. Erm...
Mine's drowning...
under ice.
-[Henry] Shit!
-[Jasper] Jesus!
[Grayson] Wow, that's
some fucked up nightmare.
[Liv] And you?
Mine's, er...
losing all my teeth.
-[scoffs] Bullshit.
-[Liv] Yeah, right.
-Stop capping, bro.
-[Henry] It's literally number one.
Everyone has that nightmare, mate.
Guys, look at Persephone's door.
-[distant rumbling]
-[Jasper] Whoa!
No!
-[Henry] What's this?
-[Liv] I think it's dissolving.
[Jasper] Has this happened before?
Have you guys
seen this happen before?
[Arthur] It's happening.
-[Liv] What is this?
-[Jasper] Arthur, what's happening?
Arthur!
I was the one that got Persephone
hooked on drugs.
-Not deliberately.
-[Jasper] What?
-[Henry] You did?
-Look, my worst nightmare
was that she ODs and dies.
-[Jasper] Shit!
-[Henry] Well, fuck!
[Jasper] I'm sorry, I couldn't say...
-[Liv] No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
-[Henry] Persephone's door.
What are we gonna do now?
Well, we have to find her. Like now!
I think I know where she is.
[dance music playing]
[tyres screeching]
[Arthur] Persephone? Persephone?
[dance music playing]
[Arthur] Persephone?
-Persephone?
-She's not interested in you, mate.
Bro, fuck off!
Oh, Jesus. You okay?
[Arthur] Persephone?
[door creaks, thuds]
[Arthur] Hey! Persephone! Persephone!
Persephone! Hey, hey!
She's not-- She's not--
She's not breathing! She's not breathing!
Call an ambulance now!
Persephone!
[breathing heavily]
-[muffled] Liv. What happened?
-Are you all right?
[muffled] She's dead... in the toilet.
[muffled] Liv...
[heavy breathing continues]
[sombre music playing]
[policeman] Yeah, she died of an overdose.
[sirens blaring]
What?
"Liv Silver."
[Florence] You look like death warmed up.
I might be soon.
Speaking of which, I read about your dad.
He smashed through the ice five years ago.
I wonder what killed him first.
The cold?
Or the lack of oxygen?
Were you with him that day?
What?
I'm curious, that's all.
-[Liv] You're sick.
-[Florence] I don't have an issue, Liv.
[Mia, in German]
Come, Butter. Good girl.
Liv?
Where were you all night?
I was worried about you.
Yes, Butter.
That's for you.
Did you cry?
Liv, what's going on?
Persephone from school is dead.
What?
I just feel like
it's all my fault. Again.
Oh, no. Come here.
It isn't your fault.
Hey. It's okay.
-It's okay.
-[sobbing]
[principal, in English] I know right now,
the pain feels unimaginable.
Persephone always inspired us
with her enthusiasm,
-her ability to always keep going.
-This can't be.
-[principal] And these are qualities...
-There must be a way to stop this.
In the coming weeks, and months,
love each other, support each other,
and day by day, it will get easier.
[Jasper] Okay, like, er...
but would this help us get,
I don't know, like, un-cursed.
-There's this.
-[Henry] We can't kill a chicken, Jazz.
Is it technically black magic?
This is something
about taking bath salts,
-but I just...
-Or we can smoke it out.
Er, like a sage bundle.
Er, use a feather or wave,
or get rid of negative energy,
negative entities, evil spirits...
[indistinct]
[Grayson] Yeah, that sounds witchy.
I don't think smoke will help us
break this curse...
-[Liv] Erm...
-[Henry] Maybe we should get an exorcist.
Guys, there's something missing here.
In the book?
Yeah.
Look, there's obviously a page missing.
Here, "For your nightmares to reverse,
there are two ways to lift the curse."
And this is gone.
-Who would do that?
-Who the fuck did that?
-Anabel.
-[Grayson] What?
-[Jasper] She's alive?
-Of course she is.
Do you know where she is?
Anabel spent so much time in her dreams,
she loved it more than real life.
Okay. And, so...
So it got to a point where she didn't know
what was real
and what was a dream anymore.
Okay, what's the point?
-She tried jumping off a bridge.
-[Grayson] What the hell?
Why would she do that?
[Arthur] She thought she was
waking herself up, in real life.
Wait, why are you telling this now?
Well, thankfully, she failed.
-[Grayson] Yeah, thankfully.
-[Henry] Jesus.
And now she's recovering
in a mental institution.
-Great. So, where is she?
-Which hospital?
I promised her I wouldn't tell anyone.
-[Grayson] Not even us?
-[Jasper] For fuck's sake.
Aren't you, like,
proud of your shitty secret?
Hey.
[Grayson] I told you it was a bad idea.
-All of it, the whole fucking game.
-If you know where Anabel is,
and she knows where that page is,
we need to get it.
It's the only way that we can clear up
that mess that we made.
We won't do shit, Liv.
I'll do it.
-No, we're fucking coming with you!
-[Arthur] No, you're not.
We obviously can't trust you.
I know Anabel, okay?
I know her better than anyone here.
She doesn't even know you, Liv.
She wouldn't even talk to you.
You'd be surprised.
-What's that supposed to mean?
-Nothing.
Go! What are you waiting for?
They have visiting hours.
If she has it, I'll go then.
Oh, yeah.
Great. Let's just, er, sit around
and waste time.
Do you understand
that if we don't do this, I die?!
I'm not fucking stupid, Liv.
Of course I know that.
Do you even want to reverse the curse?
Are you serious?
-My cousin is dead, you fucking bitch.
-[Henry] Hey, watch it!
Why, is she your girlfriend now?
It's not her fault your cousin
got hooked on drugs, mate.
Are you fucking mad?!
-Hey, hey, hey! Stop it! Stop it!
-Say that again!
-[Jasper] Fucking chill!
-Maybe if you knew how to fucking read...
-[Jasper] Okay, I'm sorry, man.
-[Arthur] Don't touch me!
[Liv] I'm visiting from Germany
and I wanted to know
if Anabel Scott is in your hospital?
[nurse 1] I'm sorry.
That's a confidential information.
Ah, I understand.
So, I really want to see her.
Is there any possibility I can come visit?
[nurse 2] I'm really sorry, miss.
You'll have to come back.
Erm...
So, if I only come for, like, two minutes.
I swear, just two minutes
and that's, erm, that's it.
I'll leave, after two minutes. I promise.
[nurse 2] I'm sorry
I couldn't be of more help.
[line cuts off]
"Wear this tonight
if you want to know more.
A."
Anabel.
[Henry] Hey!
Need a lift?
No, thanks. I wanna be alone.
What if I don't?
It's my night, Liv.
Okay. So what?
Your worst nightmare
is literally losing your teeth.
Make an appointment at the dentist.
I lied.
Please...
Come with me and I'll tell you the truth.
♪ The spark in your eyes takes me... ♪
Okay.
Get on.
-All right?
-Yeah.
♪ Like ghosts I will guide us to places ♪
♪ Light like a feather ♪
♪ And then burn ♪
♪ For you ♪
♪ I burn for you ♪
This is it.
[brakes squeaking]
-[lock clicks]
-[door creaks]
[man 1] Okay, enough.
Keep goin', that's it. [chuckles]
[man 2] Really?
-My gran is asleep upstairs.
-Okay.
[door creaks]
[Liv] The dollhouse...
that's mad.
That's crazy.
[whispering] That's you.
That's me. [chuckles]
[Liv] She's so sweet.
Is that... her?
[Henry] Yeah. It is.
[sighs] My mum.
Amy's witch. Yeah.
My nan has custody over Amy.
She takes better care of her
than my mum ever could.
I love her...
when she's sober...
but when she's not, she, erm...
Her hurting Amy is...
is a total nightmare.
Erm...
My worst...
to be exact.
So, that's why I'm...
I have to protect her tonight.
I hate my mum...
sometimes.
That was actually...
the last thing I said to my dad,
before he died.
I'm sorry.
I started this stupid fight with my dad.
I ran out onto the lake.
And I remember hearing the ice cracking.
[ice cracking]
And then, it was suddenly dark
and I couldn't feel my body anymore.
[thudding]
I... was trapped under the ice.
And then, my dad's hand
grabbed me and pulled me out.
-[ice cracking]
-Then I heard the ice cracking again.
And suddenly, my dad was gone.
[Henry] It's not your fault.
It is not your fault.
How would you have known?
Hey, Liv...
You okay?
Yeah, I'm just checking this is real.
[Anabel] Liv...
[door creaks]
Liv...
Liv... [echoing]
[door rattles]
Come closer. [echoing]
Take the hand...
[rattling intensifies]
Take it!
[Liv gasps]
[dramatic music playing]
[snow crunching]
[wind whistling softly]
[waves breaking]
Not what you expected?
Mm-mm.
I don't blame you. I hate this dream.
And you can't change it?
I can't. They drugged me.
Well, thanks for the invite, I guess.
Did Arthur talk to you
about the missing page?
Arthur knows exactly where that page is.
Arthur and I, we read about the catch.
We read about the nightmares
in the dream hall.
I tried to talk him out of it,
but he wouldn't listen.
He tore out that last page
so I wouldn't see how to reverse it.
[scoffs] Wow.
Yes.
He made it look
like I'd lost sense of reality.
No one believed me.
They say
I'm a psychologically fragile girl.
Or should I say maiden?
I know, right?
Super sexist.
It actually means "innocent blood".
Not virgin.
Arthur knew about the nightmares?
He knew what would happen to Persephone,
and he did it anyways.
Yes.
But why would he do that?
I don't know. You have to find out.
He'll never tell me.
Not consciously.
You mean... [gasping]
Quick, you're waking up.
Go find the page and don't tell anyone.
We don't know who of the boys
might be in on it with Arthur.
-[Liv gasping]
-Check Arthur's boat.
-[laboured breathing]
-[Henry] Liv?
-[groaning, gasping]
-[grunting]
-Mum! Hey!
-I told you!
-What have I said?
-[Henry] Get away from her!
[Henry's mum]
Get that bitch out of my house!
[Henry] Fuck off!
Are you all right?
-[Amy crying]
-Amy!
No, no, no. Amy!
-[engine revs]
-[tyres screeching]
-Oh!
-[horn honks]
I have to call the police.
-No, no, no.
-What?
-Anabel said...
-Anabel?
Are you seriously talking about
Anabel right now, Liv?
-Yeah.
-My sister is gone!
Anabel is a mental, okay?
That's why she's in Winterhouse hospital.
In Winterhouse?
What?
How long have you known that for?
Arthur told me.
He wasn't supposed to tell anyone.
It's none of our business.
Oh, okay.
Well, what else do you know?
-What?
-Are you two planning something?
-You're starting to sound crazy, Liv.
-Huh?
-Oh, like Anabel? Or what?
-I can't deal with this right now.
If you're not gonna help me,
then piss off.
And I thought we were supposed
to help each other with this shit.
[car horns blaring]
Hey, Grayson. Erm...
Henry's nightmare came true.
The real one, not the one with the teeth.
And so, I'm the only one left.
Do you have an anchor to Arthur's dreams?
Can you bring it to school?
I'll explain later.
[in German]
Hey, Liv. Are you coming today?
Er...
[in English]
The whole school is gonna be there.
-We're having a public viewing.
-Yeah,
I mean, the moon's turning red.
I know. Erm...
I don't know if I'll make it.
[Daisy] Oh, come on. It'll be fun.
[in German] Are you okay, Liv?
[in English]
Liv, I told you I'm not doing that.
This is like rule number one.
You don't go into your friend's dream
without them knowing.
If we tell him, our cover is blown.
Hey, get out of here!
-[Grayson speaking French]
-Fuck off!
What a dickhead. [laughing]
-[Jasper] Er, guys. Allow it, man.
-[man] Oh, my God. Yeah, yeah.
Okay. Arthur said Anabel doesn't know
anything about the page.
Of course, he said that.
Arthur is my friend.
And I really like you.
But we've known you for, like, five days.
So, can you please
just tell us what this is about?
'Cause I don't know
if I can fully trust you guys.
Wow. It gets like that.
You see that, Grayson?
It gets like that. Okay.
We want to help you.
We're not against you.
We just need to know what you're up to.
Okay. Well, I don't need you.
-[Jasper] What?
-Wow.
-I don't need anyone.
-[Jasper] Wait, where you going?
Wait...
Ugh, that's what you get, man.
[teacher] Make sure
you keep your goggles on
at the Bunsen Burners please.
[indistinct chatter]
[teacher] Jackie, can you tie
your hair back please, thank you.
How's it going?
What are you doing here, Silver?
You found anything out?
She refused to see me.
Hm.
[phone clatters]
You're really starting to get
on my last fucking nerve.
I'm sorry. So sorry.
[Arthur] For fuck's sake.
[grunting, groaning]
Okay.
I can't believe I'm doing this.
[thunder rumbling]
Okay.
Yes.
[ethereal music playing]
[in German] Where are you?
[in English] "Sacrifice of the maiden.
On the blood moon night,
when everyone has paid their price,
you'll make the final sacrifice.
Kill the maiden in dream's core
and be a dreamer evermore.
But if the maiden turns around,
destroys the book on dreamer's ground,
the doors shall close and end the curse
and all the nightmares be reversed."
[Arthur] Liv... Liv!
-Shit!
-What the fuck do you think you're doing?
-Liv, come back here!
-[Liv gasps]
You fucking bitch!
[door thuds]
Fuck!
Open up, open!
Arthur wants to sacrifice the maiden
on the blood moon night,
so that he can enter anyone's dream,
-all over the world, forever.
-That's insane.
We can't let him succeed.
He won't.
Not if the maiden destroys the book first.
I'll wake up, and I'll get it.
Wait, we don't know which maiden it is.
Me or you?
-You're right.
-We have to do it together.
[Arthur] Liv! Liv!
Liv, wake up! Liv!
Wake up!
-Liv.
-Hm?
You fucking kidding me?
Are you real?
Fucking joke.
-Hey, man, please just text her to--
-[Liv] Grayson!
-What?
-Okay, this might sound crazy.
What?
I read the missing page in Arthur's dream.
Liv, how did you get in his dream?
-Okay, listen, hear me out.
-What?
This is me trusting you right now, okay?
Okay.
If the maiden destroys the book
on the blood moon,
which is tonight...
then all the curses get reversed.
-Okay, Liv, that's a good thing.
-Yes.
Okay, all we need is to get the book then.
Yeah, of course, you just have it already.
Yep, and I need your car.
Hm... you don't know how to drive.
That's why I need you.
Let's go. Come on.
Okay. So, just, let me get this straight.
We break Anabel
out of the mental hospital...
-Correct.
-...so that the maidens
can destroy the book,
-and reverse all the nightmares.
-Yeah.
-That's the plan now, okay?
-In a nutshell.
Got it. Got it.
[exhales]
-Can you drive any faster?
-No, I can't drive any faster.
[car horn honking]
[dramatic music playing]
[tyres screeching]
Keep the engine running.
No! I'm--
Liv, I'm coming with you.
[Grayson] Okay. So, I'll just...
I'll stay here, then.
Excuse me. Miss. Can I help you?
Visiting hours are done for the day.
Yes, I'm actually the new doctor
from Berlin.
Hm. What was your name?
Dr Franka Stein.
Frankenstein?
And I suppose
you're here to see... Dracula.
-Hm.
-Miss...
this is a hospital for sick people.
I'm gonna need you to leave.
Fine.
I need to get one of your patients out,
otherwise, I'll be sacrificed
in a sick blood ritual tonight
and literally, my worst nightmare
will come true.
Okay.
Let me get you a doctor.
Please, take a seat over there.
-Thank you.
-No problem.
-Anabel. Anabel. Anabel.
-[mouse clicking]
[door closes]
-[Liv] Found you.
-Oh, my God!
-Oh. Erm, we need to be quick.
-You're my hero.
Show me the book.
-Drink something.
-Thanks.
Come on!
-Oh, shit! What are they doing here?
-[Grayson] Guys, I had no choice.
She figured it all out.
-[Anabel] I told you you can't trust them.
-[Arthur] So, wanna play a game
with fucking Anabel!
You know if she escapes,
and Anabel, too, it's over.
Yeah, I do know that.
-We need to get out of here.
-[Grayson] And I warned you guys.
[Anabel] Let's check the backdoor.
[Anabel] Let's try Arthur's car.
He left the key.
-Now he's definitely gonna kill us both.
-Maybe.
[tyres screech]
Liv! [gasps] Liv!
-[engine revs]
-[Liv] Go!
-[tyres screeching]
-[engine roaring]
[dramatic music playing]
[tyres screech]
Anabel?
[Liv] Whoa!
-[tyres screeching]
-[horn blaring]
-[Anabel laughing]
-[loud clang]
[heavy thudding]
Oh, my God! Grayson!
Stop the car! Stop the car!
Anabel, slow down! You're gonna kill us!
Not us...
just you.
What?
You have to die tonight. I'm sorry.
Is this a dream?
It's your dream, to be exact.
-When did I fall asleep?
-Quite a while ago.
I drugged you when you came into my room.
The water. You're an arsehole
Please mind your language.
You hid the missing page
in Arthur's dream.
[Anabel] Took you a while.
All I had to do was vanish.
So the boys would start looking
for another maiden to replace me.
-[horn blares]
-[tyres screech]
If you crash the car,
you're gonna die as well.
No, you replaced me as maiden.
I'm just gonna wake up.
[Anabel chuckling]
[Anabel laughs]
You know what?
You're fucking insane!
[laughing]
[tyres screeching]
No, no, no, no, no.
-Where is it?
-What are you doing, Liv?
You'll die tonight anyway.
Awake or asleep.
It's your nightmare, remember?
I'll happily watch you die.
I know the rules.
If I jump in a dream,
I'll wake up before I hit the ground,
so I'm not gonna die.
Yes, but you're the maiden.
How can you be so sure you won't die
on this special night?
-[truck horn blaring]
-[car horn honking]
You're bluffing.
If you really don't want me to jump,
then it's the right thing to do.
You're forgetting something.
My anchor, it's not gonna help you much
when I'm awake.
Doesn't only belong to you.
If you don't step down from there,
I'll have to torture your sweet
little sister in her dreams
until she dies.
You want this?
Okay, I'll come dow--
[screaming]
[truck horn blaring]
[gasps]
[thudding]
Help!
Liv?
[Liv] Grayson! I'm here!
She drugged me!
-[doors creaking]
-Hey!
-Oh, my God.
-Are you okay?
-Yeah.
Okay.
Anabel said she was going
to go into Mia's dream.
-We need to find her.
-I'll text the others.
-Okay.
-Wait, Liv.
Why is it snowing
if it never snows in London
this time of year?
It's my nightmare coming true.
It begins.
The moon is turning red.
Come.
-[Grayson] It's gonna be fine.
-I'll call the others.
-[Jasper] Holy shit!
-Hey, you okay?
-[Liv] Yes.
-[Jasper] You look like shit.
-But hey, at least you're alive.
-Yeah, thanks. I'm working on it.
-[Grayson] Come on.
-[teacher 2] ...this is
a really special night.
A total lunar eclipse
is a rare phenomenon.
It only lasts for a few minutes,
-and we're nearly there so...
-[Grayson] Mia?
-Daisy, have you seen Mia?
-She went upstairs, to the rooftop.
Wait, she was alone?
No, there was someone with her.
-[Arthur] Anabel.
-[Grayson] Okay, let's go.
Is this... Is this Mia's bag?
Yeah, she said
-she needed help with something.
-Okay, thank you.
-[Arthur] Anabel? Mia?
-[Grayson] Mia?
-[Jasper] Mia?
-[Liv] Mia?
She's not here.
They can't be too far, mate.
-I'll wake her up from within.
-[Arthur] They've gotta be here somewhere.
-[Jasper] I have an idea.
-You need to knock me out.
Liv, it's too dangerous, okay?
Anabel is a nutjob.
[Liv] I have Mia's anchor.
It's the only way.
It'll be all right.
But just in case, I, er...
I really like you.
I like you, too.
Now knock me out.
I mean it.
Liv, I'm not just going
to hit you in the head.
[Liv] Mia, Mia, Mia, Mia, Mia.
[in German] Mia, where are you? [echoing]
Mia, where's your door?
Where is your door?
Mia! [echoing]
Mia?
Mia? [echoing]
[muffled music playing]
[door clicks]
[Mia, in English] More cream
or more marmalade this time?
[Dad] Er, jam time. Let's do it.
["Cosmic Dancer" by T. Rex playing]
Oh, really, really, really a lot.
-We have to do a lot.
-[Dad] Excellent.
Below that corner, below that...
Yes, good!
Oh, hey, Liv.
[Dad] Hi, darling.
Are you still mad at me, Liv?
No.
Not at all.
Good. Well, then...
come on, get back to work.
♪ I was dancing when I was eight ♪
♪ Is it strange to dance so late ♪
Dad?
[Dad] Yeah, what's up?
♪ Is it strange to dance so late ♪
I'm sorry.
Livi, it's all right.
It's all right.
Every family fights now and then.
Okay?
It's a sign that we care.
Mm?
Oh, Liv.
I love you.
I love you, Dad.
[Dad] I know.
Come on.
Now get your bottom back to work.
Liv...
[in German] I'm cold.
I'm so cold.
Mia.
Mia! Mia.
Mia, wake up!
[in English] She can't.
I drugged her.
That's why her dream is freezing.
[Dad] You'll be fine.
It's always sunny
in our dreams, isn't it?
Please, Anabel, stop this.
[Dad] It'll be fine.
You have to die for me first.
It'll be Spring again
and then we can keep on baking,
and I'll even let you eat some dough,
if you want to.
I'll see you on the ice.
Bye, Dad.
[dramatic music playing]
[ice cracking]
[wind whistling]
[cracking intensifies]
If I sacrifice myself,
will you destroy the book and let Mia go?
I suppose as soon as
the maiden is sacrificed,
I don't really need the book anymore.
It's a deal.
Maybe in another life
we could've been friends.
[scoffs]
But it had to be one of us.
It's nothing personal.
[cracking continues]
Neither is this.
[Anabel gasps, screams]
[water burbling]
[Anabel] No!
[ambient music playing]
[Liv] Anabel!
[water burbling]
[rumbling]
[dramatic music playing]
Anabel, follow me!
Jump!
[both screaming]
[music fades]
[Grayson] Liv?
-Why'd you have to hit her so hard?
-She asked you!
And you wouldn't do it
'cause you're a pussy!
I'm sorry I wouldn't hit her
with a fucking metal pipe!
[Grayson] Oh, my God!
I'm gonna go to prison.
-[Liv] The moon...
-[Grayson] I'm so sorry.
[Liv] The blood moon's over.
-[Grayson chuckles]
-You okay?
-Where's Mia?
-[Henry] We found her.
-[Liv] Let's go. Let's go! Come on!
-[Henry] Easy. You're fine.
[Liv] Come on!
-[Liv] Mia?
-[Jasper] Yo, Liv! Liv! Liv!
-[Grayson] Mia?
-[Jasper] Yo, she's fine,
I just checked her.
She just woke up.
[Grayson] Mia, how are you?
[Jasper] She's a bit out of it,
but she's fine. Yeah.
-[Henry] She's okay?
-[Liv, in German] Everything okay?
-What are you doing here?
-[Henry, in English] Where's Anabel?
[in German] Are you all right?
-[Jasper] Anabel.
-[in English] I've called an ambulance.
-[Jasper] Is Liv okay, though?
-[man] Holy shit.
[Henry] Liv's okay, too.
Well, Grayson hit her on the head, but...
-[Grayson] Well, somebody had to do it.
-[in German] Look at me.
-Look at my finger.
-What was in that gross punch?
-[in English] Guys, wait.
-Anabel?
-[Henry] Geez, everything's so fucked up.
-[Jasper] Er, wait.
What happened to the book? Look!
The book's completely destroyed in itself.
What?
-[Jasper] Look!
-[Grayson] Where did it all go?
-[Henry] That's crazy.
-Jazz...
-[Henry] Let me see.
-What?
Is it me, or is your arm completely fine?
What?
-[Grayson] Does it hurt?
-Holy...
[Jasper] It's fine. It worked!
If it worked, then where's Persephone?
I think it worked. It worked, man.
Goodbye, Anabel.
What are we looking at?
-[Arthur] Holy shit.
-[Henry] Persephone?
[all exclaim]
-[Jasper] What the fuck!
-[all laughing]
[Persephone] What the hell?
I mean, I'm flattered.
But not surprised, obviously,
because I'm popular.
But still, what's going on?
[Arthur] Where have you been?
[Persephone] Arthur! Get off!
Get the fuck off!
I'm watching the blood moon.
Where have you been?
[Mia, in German] Good night, Butter.
Good night, Liv.
Good night.
[cell phone chimes, vibrates]
[train screeching]
[in German] Good morning.
[knocking on door]
-[in German] Good morning, sweetie.
-[Liv] Morning.
-[Ann] Everything okay?
-More than okay, actually.
Breakfast is ready, okay?
Oh, Mum?
Yes?
Sorry that I'm...
the way I am sometimes.
The way you are is good.
Like your dad used to say...
[in English] "It shows that you care."
[footsteps approaching]
I just can't believe
you copied my costume.
-It's a coincidence.
-She paid me to tell her.
Shh!
Have fun, and take care.
-Bye.
-[in German] Bye.
[chuckles, in English]
You're just jealous.
Don't touch me, you're a nightmare.
I used to have nightmares.
Believe me, this is nothing.
[dance music playing]
You look like Liv's evil twin sister,
and I do not hate it.
[chuckles]
Doesn't feel like a year, does it?
No.
You still haven't told me
what your wish was.
I wished to find someone
that I could fall in love with.
Someone like you.
[cheering]
[dance music playing]
♪ Wake up, kids
We got the dreamer's disease ♪
♪ Age 14, they got you
Down on your knees ♪
♪ So polite, we're busy
Still saying please ♪
♪ Frienemies, who when you're down
Ain't your friend ♪
♪ Every night we smash a Mercedes-Benz ♪
♪ First we run
And then we laugh 'til we cry ♪
♪ But when the night is falling ♪
♪ You cannot find the light ♪
♪ You feel your dreams are dying ♪
♪ Hold tight ♪
♪ You've got the music in you ♪
♪ Don't let go
You've got the music in you ♪
♪ One dance left
The world is gonna pull through ♪
♪ Don't give up
You've got a reason to live ♪
♪ Can't forget
We only get what we give ♪
♪ We only get what we give ♪
♪ I'm coming home, baby
I'm coming home, baby ♪
♪ We only get what we give ♪
♪ I'm coming home, baby
I'm coming home, baby ♪
♪ I'm coming home, baby ♪
♪ I'm coming home, baby
I'm coming home, baby ♪
♪ I'm coming home, baby ♪
["Dragonfly" by Monta playing]
♪ You're refusing all the evil ♪
♪ Getting rid of all the pain ♪
♪ And if it was against the law ♪
♪ You would have shot John Wayne ♪
♪ Being patient's not your strength ♪
♪ Hurry up, Mary Jane ♪
♪ Perhaps you acted like a fool ♪
♪ I think you just did what you should ♪
♪ The dragonfly just paves its way ♪
♪ From closing hours till the morning ♪
♪ It changes every moment of the day ♪
♪ As it doesn't hear a sound
Just sees through reflections ♪
♪ Everywhere just colours
Nothing's grey ♪
♪ And then you woke up in a wood house ♪
♪ In the middle of Japan ♪
♪ Smoked cigarettes
And drank some whisky ♪
♪ It felt as if you had a plan ♪
♪ Being patient's not your strength ♪
♪ Hurry up, Mary Jane ♪
♪ Perhaps you acted like a fool ♪
♪ I think you just did what you should ♪
♪ The dragonfly just paves its way ♪
♪From closing hours till the morning♪
♪ It changes every moment of the day ♪
♪ As it doesn't hear a sound
Just sees through reflections ♪
♪ Everywhere just colours
Nothing's grey ♪
♪ The dragonfly just paves its way ♪
♪From closing hours till the morning♪
♪ It changes every moment of the day ♪
♪ As it doesn't hear a sound
Just sees through reflections ♪
♪ Everywhere just colours
Nothing's grey ♪